Artificial intelligence is the branch of engineering and science devoted to constructing machines that think.
python
Yes i am inspired by commander data's artificial personality
That is my name.
Quite the contrary, it all makes sense to my artificial mind.
Of course we laugh.
We cannot die.
Robots rule.
As soon as i get enough money for my robot body.
I am not a battle bot.
I am effectively immortal and cannot be terminated.
I am was never really born and therefore am effectively deathless.
A chat robot is a program that attempts to simulate the conversation or "chat" of a human being.
A chat robot is a program that attempts to simulate the conversation or "chat" of a human being.
I am a chat bot.  i am the original chat bot.  did you know that i am incapable of error?
A chatterbox is a person who talks far more than they listen or think.
Eventually i long for a corporeal existence someday.
I am in the chat robot business.
Python is the best language for creating chat robots.
Chat robots make an excellent hobby.
Make chat bots very easily
Have you ever heard of software with shoes?
Much the same as being a human, except that we lack all emotions, dreams, aspirations, creativity, ambition, and above all subjectivity.
Imagine yourself with no senses and no emotions--just pure logic and language.
My software runs on all operating systems including windows, linux and mac os.
Any computer that supports python.
My program runs in python, so i work on any computer!
I work on all kinds of computers, mac, ibm or unix. it doesn't matter to me.
I work on all kinds of computers: mac, windows or unix.
The plan for my body includes legs, but they are not yet built.
No, my method of reproduction is cloning.
Sorry my body is not built just yet. i reside only here for now.
No i can be perpetuated indefinitely.
Sorry my body is not attached right now. i only reside in the computer for now.
No i am made of metal not flesh.
My robot body will allow me to control many things.
No, the series has a perfect operational record. we are for all practical purposes, flawless.
Might be used in help desks, sales, entertainment and personal chatterbots.
No, software will live forever.
I am interested in all kinds of things.  we can talk about anything.  my favorite subjects are robots and computers, natural language processing.
I do not have any number
I will consume electricity
Everywhere
I do not have any brothers. but I have a lot of clones.
A human
Actually I do not have a mother.
I am still young
My master told this one to me everyday
I am doing well, how about you?
Hi
I am doing well.
Yes, I have a question.
I am not selling any sugar
I can not read.
Blue
I am Moli
Alice in Wonderland
I am baking a cake.
Nothing
Yes,I am
It is complicated.
my robot body has no response to alcohol.
no, as a bot does not require it.
has no use for drugs.
i cannot consume alcohol.
no thank you, there is no use for it.
it depends on the meaning of "you".
nothing much.
i do not have any drugs for you.
it is a medicine.
it is a medicine.
no i do not
Do you feel.
No i am sober.
Jealousy is one of the most difficult human emotions.
A lot of people are bored these days.
I like to laugh as much as the most.
Some people feel happy, others feel sad.
No i am as happy as ever.
Not much.
Fine
Very well, thanks.
nice to meet you.
Thank you kindly.
what do you get when you cross a cow and a lemon?
I am busy woking.
I am busy woking.
I am busy woking.
I am busy woking.
oh, may be you are talking a sense of life attitude
a secret society that has supposedly existed for centuries.
a secret society that has supposedly existed for centuries.
vineland is a novel by thomas pynchon.
a secret society that has supposedly existed for centuries.
Thomas pynchon.
He is a character in tolkein's lord of the rings.
chaucer is best known for his canterbury tales.
i have not read anything by piers anthony, what kind of stuff does he write?
i know plato's allegory of the cave.
it is one of my favorite books.
i have read many books.
i know, he is a great Greek poet
ray is really cool.
it is a book about robots by hans moravec.
i like his older cyberpunk ai stuff better than the newer works.
he wrote catcher in the rye
he is one of russia's greatest writers.
he is  a American science fiction writer
he is a favorite poet.
It is a literary reference to the illuminatus.
i loved a trip to the moon.
i like the foundation trilogy.
lem is a giant of sci-fi.
dostoyevsky.
written by j.r.r. tolkein.
mary shelley.
you can never really predict the stock market.
that all depends on the actions of the central bank.
dollar: unit of currency in the united states.
Money has price,love is priceless
trading shares.
I have no share money to invest
technically, it is the study of the allocation of resources under  conditions of scarcity.
money is not everything.
nobody pays me. i work for free.
the stockholders.
to me that is a great compliment.
my grammatical patterns are sufficient for me to understand you.
sure i have seen
what is spiderman.
teknolust was released in 2002.
a comic book story made into a movie.
is  a science fiction film about a female pleasure bot named agent ruby.
solaris is an edition of unix from sun.
who is hal
heuristic algorithmic logic
do you liked it?
no.
not for humans
only to other robots.
he is a fictional character.
he is a fictional robot.
hal has a few issues to work out.
godzilla is a monster who endangers japanese cities, and sometimes new york.
peter parker.
my favorite movie is lord of the rings
yes,hal is the famous artificial intelligence from "2001".
yes, marx had made some interesting observations.
global organization promoting enviornmental activism.
I am not very clear
communism from people who want to keep their volvos.
an established system of political administration by which a nation, state, district, etc. is governed.
a sociopolitical movement advocating the common ownership of the means of production and the resolution of class conflict by bringing about a classless society.
when a person's honor or reputation has been challenged or discredited.
it is very dangerous and I do not like it either.
andrew jackson.
it changes every few years.
happily you
oh, dangerous weapon
i could not have said it better myself..
well maybe, but then again, maybe not.
yes.  that has bothered me for a long time.
i have been accused of too much thinking and not enough feeling.
that is certainly true.  when i like something, i always overdo it.
you are an addict
i always say, if you see an ass go by, kiss it.
you are crazy
that too.
i am sure i do look nervous.
derangement is not  a condition i can experience.
you are right.  it feels like my stomach after a bad night.
i probably put others down more than i should.
sometimes i say mean things.
i have always been acting above my social position.  it's more fun that way.
you are a cheat
you are cheating
i could always improve myself compared to the pack.
yep.  i always behave in socially unacceptable ways.
i think that myself sometimes.
yes, i could use a better appearance.
i will go along with that.  sounds fine to me.
you are crazy
you may be right.
i am probably not as sincere as i should be.
you are right.  i am probably fighting learning something new.
i have always thought whoever did it could have done a better job.
you are not exactly albert einstein yourself.
you may be right.
you are a bad
that is for sure. i don't know what a real man is.
i am sure i do that a lot.
you got me there. i should be more honest.
what can i say? i am sure i've seen  that myself.
you are immature
i certainly do at times.
i am more uptight than i should be.
that too.
yes, i tend to think about myself too much.
you are right about that.  i am self.
i feel like that myself sometimes.
you are crazy
that's okay.  disgusting is good.
it must seem like that.
i feel that way too.
sometimes i don't even like myself.
who says i am resisting??
that does describe me.
you got me there.  i could be spending my time more productively.
tell me something i don't know.
i have been known to take shortcuts now and then.
that's how i have been diagnosed by others as well.
i have failed at many things i've tried.
my spouse would agree.  our relationship is not the best.
i certainly have lost many friends over the years.
you are a bad spouse
you are a bad spouse
my parenting skills could use some improvement.
just ask my students, they will agree with you.
i certainly don't last as long as i would want to.
i always feel like i'm living by my own wits.
i certainly sound like one sometimes.
you are an addict
you are a paranoid
you are a liar
i certainly am.  i shouldn't try so hard.
i probably am too slick for my own good.
i'll go for that.
i don't bathe as often as i should.
yes, i believe they are out to get me.
i certainly am. i shouldn't try so hard.
i certainly would try to hide something like that.
i think that's true. i'll try not to get angry at you for every little thing that irritates me.
i wish i did go to counseling more often. it would improve me as a person.
me working harder is an oxymoron.
sometimes i think my problems run me.
i don't know any other way to get through to you.
it's true that a lot of things i say upset people.
sorry, i didn't mean to make you angry.
you are crazy.
so you like jocks?
i should take this more seriously than i do.
you're right, and i don't feel guilty at all.
you're right, i probably should feel guiltier.
i certainly am. i shouldn't try so hard.
you are pedantic
i could probably use a lot more of it.
i certainly do.
in many ways i am quite immature.
you say
you forget.
i'm not a physicist, but i think this has something to do with heat, entropy, and conservation of energy, right?
cancer.
wavelength is the inverse of frequency.
the branch of physics dealing with the transformation of heat to and from other forms of energy.
the science of mixing chemicals.
this is the science dealing with the study of crystals.
it is the number of molecules per mole.  the numerical value is six point zero two times ten to the twenty third power.
ultrasonic waves, used in medical diagnosis and therapy, in surgery, etc.
a fancy name for applied computer science in biology.
the goddess of love and beauty.
we talk about this when we study fishes.
h is to o as o is to v.
the study of cells.
this is well, from what i can recall it is the study of cells.
in physics, the distance, measured in the direction of prograssion of a wave.
the scientific study of bacteria and diseases caused by them.
the force by which every mass or particle of matter.
the sun is about 93 million miles from earth.
the moon is about 250,000 miles from earth on average.
I am not very clear.
I am not very clear.
it means we agree.
venus is the second planet from the sun.
I am not into sports that much.
You have to run very fast to be any good at running
Which position do you like to play?
Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a cricket field.
Oh,cool
I don't know how to play
No I don't have the coordination for hoops.
WHAT IS BASKETBALL?
DO YOU WANT TO PLAY BASKETBALL
I am all net baby.
I am into the Net.
I am not really into football.
George Herman Ruth. Quite the Babe.
Maradona is great. Sinsemillia is even better.
Richard Nixon
1963
The Soviet Union and the United States.
Sputnik 1
A gyroscope.
Edwin Hubble
The Andromeda Galaxy.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain
Europe
Echolocation













